OSDOCS-3815: Updated text to cover PVs (#49189)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osd-create-cluster-ccs.adoc

ifdef::osd-on-gcp[]
encryption keys through the Google Cloud Key Management Service.
endif::osd-on-gcp[]

> The key is used for encrypting all control plane, infrastructure, and worker node root volumes and persistent volumes in your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key is used for encrypting all control plane, infrastructure, worker node root volumes, and persistent volumes in your cluster.
```

+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Only persistent volumes (PVs) created from the default storage class are encrypted by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only persistent volumes (PVs) created from the default storage class are encrypted with this specific key.
```

> PVs created by using any other storage class are only encrypted if the the storage class is configured to be encrypted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PVs created by using any other storage class are still encrypted, but will not be encrypted with this key unless the storage class is specifically configured to use this key.
```
